#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.4
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.10
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.7.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   langchain
attrs==24.2.0
    # via aiohttp
blinker==1.9.0
    # via flask
boto3==1.35.78
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.35.78
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
build==1.2.2.post1
    # via pip-tools
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   elastic-transport
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   flask
    #   pip-tools
cohere==5.13.3
    # via -r requirements.in
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
docstring-parser==0.16
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
elastic-transport==8.15.1
    # via elasticsearch
elasticsearch[vectorstore-mmr]==8.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-elasticsearch
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
fastavro==1.9.7
    # via cohere
filelock==3.16.1
    # via huggingface-hub
flask==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-cors
flask-cors==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.10.0
    # via huggingface-hub
google-api-core[grpc]==2.24.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth==2.36.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-aiplatform==1.74.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-bigquery==3.27.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-core==2.4.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-resource-manager==1.13.1
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-storage==2.19.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-crc32c==1.6.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.66.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.13.1
    # via google-cloud-resource-manager
grpcio==1.68.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.68.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   cohere
    #   langchain-mistralai
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via
    #   cohere
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-mistralai
huggingface-hub==0.26.5
    # via tokenizers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==8.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
    #   flask
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via flask
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via flask
jiter==0.8.2
    # via openai
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.3.11
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.24
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-elasticsearch
    #   langchain-mistralai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-elasticsearch==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-mistralai==0.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.2
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.2.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==3.23.1
    # via dataclasses-json
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
numexpr==2.10.2
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   cohere
    #   elasticsearch
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   numexpr
    #   shapely
openai==1.57.2
    # via -r requirements.in
orjson==3.10.12
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   build
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
parameterized==0.9.0
    # via cohere
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
propcache==0.2.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.25.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
protobuf==5.29.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via google-auth
pydantic==2.10.3
    # via
    #   cohere
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchain-mistralai
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.27.1
    # via
    #   cohere
    #   pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.6.1
    # via langchain-community
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-settings
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
regex==2024.11.6
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   cohere
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
s3transfer==0.10.4
    # via boto3
shapely==2.0.6
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
simsimd==6.2.1
    # via elasticsearch
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.36
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tiktoken==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tokenizers==0.21.0
    # via
    #   cohere
    #   langchain-mistralai
tomli==2.2.1
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
types-requests==2.31.0.6
    # via cohere
types-urllib3==1.26.25.14
    # via types-requests
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   cohere
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   multidict
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
urllib3==1.26.20
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   elastic-transport
    #   requests
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via flask
wheel==0.45.1
    # via pip-tools
yarl==1.18.3
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.21.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools